The image registry on app.ci is deprecated (#409)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/how-tos/use-registries-in-build-farm.md

$ podman pull registry.ci.openshift.org/my-organization/my-component:latest
```

## The CI Image Repository in quay.io: QCI
In addition to the integrated image registry on `app.ci`, all [`promoted`](/docs/architecture/ci-operator/#publishing-container-images)
images are pushed by `ci-operator`
to the image registry `quay.io/openshift/ci`, called _QCI_ for short. To be more precise, the promoted image stream tag `<namespace>/<name>:<tag>`

> can be pulled with `quay.io/openshift/ci:<namespace>_<name>_<tag>`. Its namespace, name, and tag are connected with "_" form the tag in QCI as the images in different namespaces on `app.ci` are converged into a monorepo on `quay.io`. Another side effect is that the promoted images are accessible to each user that has the pull permission on QCI, regardless of the namespace of the tag defined in the `ci-operator`'s configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be pulled with `quay.io/openshift/ci:<namespace>_<name>_<tag>`. Its namespace, name, and tag are connected with "_" to form the tag in QCI as the images in different namespaces on `app.ci` are converged into a monorepo on `quay.io`. Another side effect is that the promoted images are accessible to each user that has the pull permission on QCI, regardless of the namespace of the tag defined in the `ci-operator`'s configuration.
```

by the following commands:

```console
$ podman login -u=$(oc --context app.ci whoami) -p=$(oc --context app.ci whoami -t) quay-proxy.ci.openshift.org --authfile /tmp/t.c
$ podman pull quay-proxy.ci.openshift.org/openshift/ci:ci_ci-operator_latest --authfile /tmp/t.c --platform linux/amd64
```

#### Token For Programmatic Access to QCI
With the `admin_manifest.yaml` [described above](/docs/how-tos/use-registries-in-build-farm/#how-do-i-get-a-token-for-programmatic-access-to-the-central-ci-registry), the members of group `my-project-admins`
can [create bound tokens for the service account](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/authentication/bound-service-account-tokens.html#bound-sa-tokens-configuring-externally_bound-service-account-tokens) `image-puller`
Once `oc` logged in with the service account token, we may use the same commands above to pull the images.
Note that we should avoid creating long-lived tokens for service accounts as described in [the Kubernetes document](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/service-accounts-admin/#create-token). Regardless of the token types, The members of group `my-project-admins`

> is responsible for manage the tokens, e.g., rotate the token in case of leaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are responsible for managing the tokens, e.g., rotate the token in case of leaking.
```
